---
layout: post
title:  "Mad Skilz"
date:   2014-10-25 15:34:42
categories: jekyll update
---

My teacher gave us our hardest assignment to date on Friday. She asked us to share a few things about ourselves that we really like or are proud of. Everyone in the class clammed up. I guess it is because we are brought up to be moddest, not brag or blow our own horns, but the result seems to be an entire classroom full of people who are afraid to say something good about themselves. But my teacher was able to help us look within and acknowledge that not only is there something that we like about ourselves, but we are going to share it with the world. So here are my things:

  * I am a powerful mediator. I have the ability to talk sense into friends, family members and coworkers and get them see the other side. This skill has come in handy many times throughout my career, especially in my management roles. 
  * I am a hard worker. This is something that was ingrained in me by my father. I do what it takes to get the job done and do it well. I never want to have someone disappointed in me. This characteristic has helped me to grow in every position that I have had. 
  * I am a really good salesperson. I build relationships with clients and earn their trust by being honest and sincere when I work with them. 
  * I have a strong marriage. My husband and I have been together for 18 years and I think that is pretty amazing. I know we said "until death do we part", but nowadays, that seems to be approximately 2-4 years. I credit some of this to my mediation skills, I can generally talk sense into myself as well.
  * I am a good mother. I am still pretty new at this job, but I take it very seriously. I have worked diligently to research important topics that will effect my daughter now and in the future. I have seen some of the decisions that I have made already pay off and that is so rewarding. 

Well, that wasn't so bad. I am glad to have this in a blog post. I think I will reference it often when I need a pick me up - like when my code just won't work.  


